E-commerce Frontend (React.js)
This is the frontend repository for a full-stack e-commerce application, built using React.js. It provides a user-friendly interface for browsing products, managing a shopping cart, checking out, viewing order history, and managing user profiles.

✨ Features
Product Browsing: View a list of products with details like name, price, and description.

Product Details: Dedicated page for each product showing comprehensive information.

Shopping Cart: Add, remove, and update quantities of items in the cart. Cart items persist across page refreshes using localStorage.

User Authentication: Secure user registration, login, and logout functionalities with JWT (JSON Web Tokens) handled via HTTP-only cookies.

Protected Routes: Certain pages (e.g., Checkout, Profile, Order History) are protected and require user authentication.

User Profile Management: Users can view and update their personal details (first name, last name, phone, age, gender).

Order History: Authenticated users can view a list of their past orders with status and details.

Checkout Process: A basic checkout flow for placing orders.

Contact Us Page: A form for users to send messages, with field data persisting using localStorage until submission.

Responsive Design: Styled with Tailwind CSS to ensure a great user experience on various screen sizes (mobile, tablet, desktop).

Global State Management: Centralized application state using Redux Toolkit.

Admin Dashboard (Planned): A dedicated section for administrators.

Product Management (Planned): Full CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on products by admin users.

User Management (Planned): Admin users will have permissions to edit and add new user accounts.

💻 Technologies Used (Frontend)
React.js: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

Redux Toolkit: Official recommended toolset for Redux development, simplifying state management.

@reduxjs/toolkit

react-redux

React Router DOM: For declarative routing within the single-page application.

Axios: A promise-based HTTP client for making API requests to the backend.

Tailwind CSS: A utility-first CSS framework for rapid and responsive UI development.

localStorage: Used for persisting cart items and contact form data across browser sessions.

🚀 Getting Started
Follow these instructions to get a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

Prerequisites
Node.js (LTS version recommended)

npm (Node Package Manager, usually comes with Node.js)

Backend Running: This frontend relies on a separate Node.js/Express.js backend. Ensure your backend project is cloned and running on http://localhost:7777 as configured in the axios calls within this project.

Installation
Clone the repository:

git clone <your-frontend-repo-url>
cd <your-frontend-project-folder>

Install dependencies:

npm install

▶️ Running the Project
Start the development server:

npm start

This will typically open the application in your default browser at http://localhost:3000 (or another available port).

👨‍💻 Usage
Home Page (/): View featured products and general information.

Products Page (/products): Browse all available products.

Product Details (/product/:sku): Click "View Details" on any product card to see more.

Cart Page (/cart): Manage your selected items. Items added to the cart persist even on refresh.

Login (/login): Log in with existing credentials.

Register (/register): Create a new user account.

Checkout (/checkout): Proceed to place an order. Requires login.

Order History (/orders-history): View your past orders. Requires login.

Profile (/profile): View and update your personal information. Requires login.

Contact Us (/contact): Send us a message. Form data persists locally on refresh.
